Add support for Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (#16882)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/prometheus_workspace.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_prometheus_workspace"
description: |-
  Creates a prometheus workspace
---

# Resource: aws_prometheus_workspace

Provides a managed prometheus workspace.

-> **Note:** only workspace alias can be updated today

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aws_prometheus_workspace" "demo" {
  alias = "prometheus-test"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following argument is supported:

* `alias` - (Optional) The alias of the prometheus workspace. See more [in AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-onboard-create-workspace.html).

> ## Attributes Reference

Reviewer: Might want to also output the ARN, workspace ID. Also add the `endpoint_remote_write_url` and `endpoint_query_url` could also help the end user by not having to reconstruct these url from the `prometheus_endpoint`.

Author: the workspace id is the terraform resource id. I missed the ARN in the documentation, so nice reminder.
Also I'll add the `remote_write` and `query` endpoints

> The following attribute is exported:
> 
> * `arn` - The ARN of the workspace.
> * `alias` - An alias that you assign to this workspace to help you identify it. It does not need to be unique.
> * `prometheus_endpoint` - The Prometheus endpoint available for this workspace.
> 

Reviewer 2: Thought I had a comment here, but some consistency fixes:

```suggestion
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workspace.
* `id` - Identifier of the workspace
* `prometheus_endpoint` - Prometheus endpoint available for this workspace.
```

---
subcategory: "Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_prometheus_workspace"
description: |-

>   Creates a prometheus workspace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Manages an Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP) Workspace
```

Author: :+1;

---

# Resource: aws_prometheus_workspace

> Provides a managed prometheus workspace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manages an Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP) Workspace.
```

Author: 👍

> -> **Note:** only workspace alias can be updated today

Reviewer 2: We have found this types of documentation notes hard to maintain over time (easy to forget to change). Instead this resource documentation verbiage should include a note about the AWS service being in preview.

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** This AWS functionality is in Preview and may change before General Availability release. Backwards compatibility is not guaranteed between Terraform AWS Provider releases.
```

Author: 👍

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aws_prometheus_workspace" "demo" {
  alias = "prometheus-test"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following argument is supported:

* `alias` - (Optional) The alias of the prometheus workspace. See more [in AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-onboard-create-workspace.html).

## Attributes Reference

> The following attribute is exported:
> 
> * `arn` - The ARN of the workspace.
> * `status` - The current status of the workspace. The possible values are CREATING, ACTIVE, UPDATING, DELETING, and CREATION_FAILED.
> * `alias` - An alias that you assign to this workspace to help you identify it. It does not need to be unique.
> * `prometheus_endpoint` - The Prometheus endpoint available for this workspace.
> 

Reviewer 2: Standard resource documentation byline, adding `id`, removing duplicate `alias`, removing `status`, removing extra new line

```suggestion
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workspace.
* `id` - Identifier of the workspace.
* `prometheus_endpoint` - Prometheus endpoint available of the workspace.
```

## Import

> AMP Workspaces can be imported using the `arn`, e.g.
> 
> ```
> $ terraform import aws_prometheus_workspace.demo arn:aws:aps:us-west-2:123123123:workspace/ws-C6DCB907-F2D7-4D96-957B-66691F865D8B
> ```

Reviewer 2: The `Read` function uses the Workspace ID and since the import is setup as `schema.ImportStatePassthrough`, this would also follow:

``````suggestion
AMP Workspaces can be imported using the identifier, e.g.

```
$ terraform import aws_prometheus_workspace.demo ws-C6DCB907-F2D7-4D96-957B-66691F865D8B
```
``````

Author: thanks for the correction.
